Problem Analysis

Real problem analysis involves studying similar real systems to identify common issues and challenges that may arise during the development and implementation of an online party ticketing system. A mini-world analysis is performed to better understand the system requirements, functionality, and potential problems. The party ticketing system keeps track of system requirements: user, admin, payment, tickets, and parties. To make sure that all of the system’s old problems are eliminated; for instance: tickets/output calculation and cancellation problems, data scalability as the system can handle large data sizes, and data consistency to ensure that the right information is present to the user. Designers started visualizing this description as a mini-world. and their parts are presented as the User which is obliged to enter their name and provide the username and password for the login along with email address, address, birth date, and the system can store several phone numbers. The admin must enter the username and password to log in along with the email so that the admin can modify and add parties to the system. The tickets are composed of the id, the ticket type (fan pit, VIP, regular), the party’s name, date, location, and if there is an available promotion. The party contains a date, time, place, artist, and discount. and the payment system depends upon the ticket that includes the payment type (cash, visa), available promotions, and if the user wants to cancel the reservation.
